We are now stranded on this deserted
island in the middle of the ocean,
and we're going to be stranded here
for the next seven days.
And that boat that just left
was our only way out of here.
- Why do we keep doing this?
- I thought it'd be fun.
Despite its beauty,
civilization has not been able to survive
on this island for over 250 years.
But for the next seven days,
we're going to try to.
And we only have around 4 hours
until it gets dark.
It's hot out here.
We need to build a shelter
immediately.
I mean, why don't we just camp here?
This spot looks pretty good.
So I say we kick things off by us
going and looking for wood.
And you two...
- We'll prep camp.
- Yes.
Have fun with that.
Come on Shawn, come on Chandler.
- How do we prep camp?
- You know, I don't know.
And so we immediately got to work.
But we had to be careful,
because above you
is the most dangerous tree on earth.
It contains poisonous tree sap
that can literally kill you.
Why are we still standing here?
And meanwhile,
Nolan and Mack were making a fire pit.
I'd say it's a pretty good fire,
would you say?
Well, it's not a fire yet.
Well, I'd say
it's a pretty good fireplace.
And Shawn started
constructing the frame for a shelter.
Are you sure
that's not going to fall on us?
Yeah.
- I feel like Shawn's a survival dad.
- I've been called worse.
And while
gathering some more materials,
we came across
some wildlife on the island.
Bro,
look at these chickens over here.
Hey, wait! Stop running away.
It wasn't long until I found out
why the chickens were afraid of us.
Hey, what are we doing over here?
Wait. What is that?
Oh, it's a knife.
Were you going to try to kill
one of those chickens?
- Please let me eat the chicken.
- We don't kill chickens.
Jimmy, what'd you eat for dinner
before you got here?
Don't ask.
We spent the rest
of the day one preparing our camp,
which was pretty simple.
I'm going to show
you guys around the camp.
This is the fire where we're going
to make food. Come over here.
And this is where we sleep.
That concludes the tour.
We pulled over our survival crate,
which contains
food, water and most importantly,
a flare in case someone gets hurt.
And by the time the sun went down,
we had everything figured out.
Except for one thing
Wait, hold up.
Isn't sunscreen flammable?
It's the end of day one.
And I'm already starting
to get a little sunburned.
I'm hoping to get some good sleep tonight.
And I hope it doesn't
rain.
Tomorrow we need to build a bigger shelter.
And by we, I mean dad over there is
gonna build a bigger shelter.
- I got you.
- I got... Oh.
Jimmy, you're like mom,
Shawn's dad.
I'm just going to go to bed.
I'll see you on day two.
During the first night of sleep,
we tossed and turned a lot.
And by we, I mean me.
So it was a good thing
we were fixing this the next day.
The objective for day two is simple.
We need to build a bigger
and rain proof shelter.
We need more comfortable seats
because my butt hurts
and we need a better fire pit.
My butt also hurts.
We're looking for very long,
sturdy sticks
we can put across the top
of our shelter.
That way, when it rains instead of it
drooping in the leaves and tarp,
it flows off the back.
And while we were busy gathering
resources for our new shelter,
Mack and Nolan we're busy
looking for new seats.
- Do you see that?
- Yeah.
What's that orange thing?
I mean, you could use it
as like a bouncy seat.
Dude, it's a buoy.
Oh dude, there's a net.
We could use a net to catch chickens.
Oh, a lot of bugs, a lot of bugs.
A lot of bugs.
Jimmy, we found an ocean buoy.
It's like a bouncy seat.
- Did you steal this?
- No.
Did he steal it?
It washed up on a beach.
I guess that's not stealing.
Oh, that is nice.
Ok, I'll take it.
For the rest of the day, Chandler, Shawn
and I finished upgrading the shelter.
Keep going. Keep going.
There's still sun in here,
but it's because the sun's super low.
90% of the time,
this will be shade now.
While Mack and Nolan got coconuts.
- All right.
- Be careful, it's a big knife.
Coconut.
That's good.
And, of course, trying to catch
chickens.
Hey chickens, run, run, run away.
What are you doing?
All right. I saved them.
Day two is coming to an end.
How would you say it was?
I'm tired, but I'm doing good.
- Nolan?
- Fantastic.
I think we can all agree
we are doing way
better than we thought we would.
But little did I know.
Later that night, things
were about to get a whole lot worse.
But for now,
if you're wondering why
we're in the ocean, look at Chandler.
Because it's
the only way for us to shower.
We need our other water for cooking and
you know, not dying of dehydration.
You want to know what I noticed,
boys?
What's that?
We had ten carts of water,
and now we're down to six.
It's day two.
I know.
I'm going to be the adult here
and just say it.
Everyone needs to be more responsible
with their water consumption.
I agree.
Wait, what are we agreeing to?
- Shawn, I agreed for you.
- Okay, perfect.
It's also dark, we need to go to bed.
In case you didn't piece it together.
That guy Mack is the guy
that lost money in this video.
And this video.
He's basically lost $1.5 million on
the channel in the last two months.
It's a harsh way to introduce
somebody.
Even though we upgraded our shelter,
the second night of sleep was worse
than the first.
We didn't know it,
but this island was infested
with bugs that ended up
biting us all throughout the night.
And for whatever reason,
Chandler and I got the worst of it.
I got no sleep last night.
Probably the most miserable thing
I've ever done
Look how many bug bites
I have on just my hand alone.
Do you see that?
And while we caught up
on some much needed sleep,
you can probably guess what the boys
are going to do without supervision.
Catch chickens.
No, let's catch fish.
So yesterday, over by that debris on the
beach, me and Nolan found a bunch of net.
Today, the boys are going to help me
make a chicken trap.
The plan is basically
to put a giant net right here
tied to a string up there, and then
catch a chicken.
Let's go.
Now, if I was awake to stop them,
this never would have happened.
But given the fact that I felt like
I was literally dying in this moment.
The boys were officially going rogue.
That is a strong net.
Is that?
There we go.
Over the next 30 minutes or so, the
boys cut the net into a perfect square.
They then hoisted the rope up
over the tree,
tied the rope to all four corners,
and it was ready.
That works.
That's pretty nice.
So after a quick reset
and placing some bait,
it was time to catch a chicken.
- What is this?
- Trap to catch chickens with?
- Can I see the rope?
-  No, you cannot.
Is that what you guys are doing
this whole time?
- Yeah.
Thought you were doing
something actually productive.
I'll be honest.
At first, this seemed
like a complete waste of time,
because for the next 3 hours,
they waited and waited,
But for some reason, Mack in particular
was not ready to give up.
And finally, after
even more waiting...
Yeah.
Keep it tight, keep it tight.
Keep it tight.
Mack, what is that?
Jimmy, I caught it.
Oh, this chick is actually
pretty chill.
Yeah.
This is the new Bryan
in honor of the bird from raft
You know what?
With how nice you've been, I'm
sure once you put Bryan down,
it'll continue to hang out with us.
Put it down.
Time to put Bryan down.
Bryan, no, Bryan.
What did you do to Bryan?
I thought he was our friend.
Well,
I did catch him with a trap, so.
And by the time Bryan had been caught
and freed,
it had gotten significantly
less hot outside,
which honestly gave all of us enough
energy for a spontaneous adventure.
See that island behind me?
- We're about to go to it Mack.
- Let's do it.
Now I know what you're thinking.
Why swim away from a perfectly good island
to a rock in the middle of the ocean?
And honestly,
I don't have a good answer for you.
This feels really counterintuitive.
I think this is a testament to just
how bored we are.
Feels like we're wasting
a lot of water and energy.
Mack, what are you doing?
Dude, there are so many fish down there.
- Really?
- Yeah.
There's a stingray,
look at all those fish.
Those waves
look really big over there.
And they're coming right at us.
Here comes a big one.
Almost there.
Look at the island over there
in the background,
And here we are.
Look at this.
We've got water splashing on both sides.
These are extra slippery rocks.
We are going up now?
Oh gosh.
Oh, this is crazy.
This looks so cool.
We did it.
I don't know why we did it,
but we did.
How do we get off this?
And then how do we get back
to our island?
Well, the fastest way off is jumping.
I'm not jumping.
During our last
few hours of sunlight.
I felt a couple raindrops.
We noticed the storm
approaching us on the horizon.
We got on the island.
The forecast said
it wasn't supposed to rain.
There's monster clouds over there.
We need to prep.
Let's go boys.
Nolan, fix it!
Fix the hut.
- Oh, no.
- There's rain coming.
Protect our stuff.
Get as many palm leaves
as you can right now.
Chandler, more leaves.
And once we ran out of daylight,
we huddled up under our new
and improved shelter
and awaited a night of rain.
The worst part about
this is the unknown.
It's so dark.
You can't even see how close
the rain is anymore.
Turns out we got extremely lucky.
The storm ended up
just missing us by a hair.
But what I can say is, later in this
video, we won't be so lucky.
What do we do, it's raining?
Dude, it's literally pouring,
help me hold this up.
I just want to go home.
Good morning, everybody.
Let me try that again.
- Good morning.
You guys got a case of the Mondays?
After four days on the island,
our morning routine
consisted of the following.
First, we'd wake up and complain
about how bad we slept.
Sleeping last night was rough.
And then we'd use the bathroom,
sometimes together.
I'm nervous peeing at the same time
as you guys.
And then eat yet again, a bagged meal.
We're a little tired of our bag
meals, so let's just say
we've got a solution.
All right,
This is as far as I go. Have fun.
- Oh, good.
- All this for some fish?
You have to go very,
very far out to actually find fish.
The fish aren't going to be in this,
like, blue water.
They're going to be in the dark
blue water out there. So...
This will be a really good idea,
or a really bad one.
Probably a bad one.
The plan was a little dangerous,
but simple, Mack is going to act
as a human motorboat
and drag Shawn and Nolan
out into the depths of the ocean.
And Shawn being the expert survival
dad that he is.
is going to catch those fish
and bring them back to shore for us to eat.
You guys got the rope?
I also brought around 500 feet
of rope that they're tied to.
So if at any point they need help,
we'll just yank them in.
Right Chandler?
Yeah.
Is the rope still good?
Yeah, you have plenty of rope.
Mack, you doing okay?
Is Mack literally just pulling them?
We should just untie the rope Mack,
because that's some dead weight.
Hope you don't regret it.
Now we have no rope,
and we're so far away from the beach.
There's no way they're not getting
seasick out there.
Oh, look at that storm.
- Is that a storm?
- Boys, we better hurry.
- That's rain?
- That's rain.
Something tells me
this rope snapped somewhere.
Oh, no.
You know what we can do?
We can start fishing.
I wouldn't start fishing yet,
he's in the water.
- Guys!
- Your rope came off.
- You see any fish down there?
- I don't see anything.
None yet.
We have the rope.
- Oh, you got something?
- Yeah. Yeah.
- We got a fish.
- Hold on, hold on to it.
- Yeah.
- We got him.
- Fish!
- Yeah!
Fish!
And after 2 hours of fishing and
200 fishes worth of calories burned,
all they had
to show for it was one fish.
Is this fine to eat?
Yeah, of course.
It literally tastes like fish
from the supermarket.
I mean, you know where fish
in the supermarket come from, right?
- Where?
- The ocean.
And even though this fish from
the ocean was surprisingly good,
it was time to eat something
a whole lot better.
S'mores.
First off, you need to burn
the bacteria off your stick.
Oh, I didn't know that, actually.
You seem like you've done s'mores before,
Jim.
Well, as a man who owns
a chocolate company.
Oh, Mack.
What are you doing?
Oh, God.
You take the Feastables chocolate,
scrunch it like that
while it's still hot,
Look at that.
Make sure to try out
our new Feastables bar.
People are actually liking it
so much.
It's sold out in most stores.
Don't worry. We're doing our best
to restock it as fast as we can.
You've never had a s'more
in your life
until you've had a s'more
with Feastables on it.
Like clockwork, we lay down
and go to bed and it starts raining.
Why is it that whenever we do
survival videos,
it literally only rains
when we're trying to sleep?
I'd say
that was a very successful day for.
- Yeah.
- I agree.
You caught a chicken.
I caught a fish.
Here's
the three more days of stupidity.
Yeah.
I just woke up,
I have no idea what day it is.
It's day...
Five.
I was about to say that.
One of the reasons
why we picked this island
is there's very old houses or ruins,
whatever
you want to call it, on this island.
And even though they're located
on top of a mountain,
I say today's the day
we explore them.
- I agree.
- Disagree.
Now that we had all agree
to go to the ruins,
we want to make sure we didn't
start this expedition
on an empty stomach.
And just as
we were eating our bagged breakfast,
no one noticed something more
appetizing down the beach.
Over there on the shoreline.
- What is it?
- There's a goat.
No way, bro.
There's a goat.
- Mack, you cannot eat that.
- You can't stop me.
No.
- Run away goat.
- Jimmy!
Run away, goat.
Get out of here. Yes.
- Why would you do that?
- He's our friend.
No, he's not is food.
Once again,
Jimmy scared away my food.
And after sparing
another animal from Mack,
it was time to adventure
to the ruins.
All right, let's do it.
- We're almost out of water, guys.
- I need some for the adventure.
I'm gonna trying to fill these up
with coconut water while you're gone.
- Let's go.
- Let's do it.
Yeah. Keep going.
I'll be there in one second.
And what they don't know is
I actually have a surprise
waiting for us
at the top of the ruins.
It'll make sense in a little bit.
That was kind of weird,
how you just stayed back
and talked to the camera.
Yeah, kind of like how you lost $1.5
million.
Oh, yeah.
Follow me, gang.
Jimmy, I believe in you.
For a second, I thought
this was the mountain.
Forgot, we haven't even reached
the base of the mountain yet.
And while we climb this mountain, I'm
going to tell the boys about Western Union.
Wherever you are, Western Union
makes it easy to send money
to friends and family anywhere
in the world.
We'll be up here.
Yeah, you keep talking about that Jim.
Hey, wait up for me.
We'll go all the way up there?
Western Union also has a free website
and app that's simple and secure.
So even my Grandma can use it?
Even your Grandma, Mack.
And before I got here
I used Western Union to pay the boat...
You got to be careful.
Here, give me a second Western Union.
I also use Western Union to pay
the boat guy that dropped me off
on this island.
Because they had been
around for a 100 years.
I know my money got to them
even though I was in the U.S..
Look how far away
we've come from our beach.
Dude, is that a rainbow?
Rainbow right there?
- Oh yeah.
- What the heck?
That's awesome.
I'm not going to be like a Debbie
Downer, but that's rain right there.
That giant cloud?
That giant cloud with the rain coming up.
You're being a Debbie Downer.
Hey, you can see Shawn from here.
Dude, he's building the shelter.
Shawn's making us dinner.
Shawn!
I can see you.
He heard us.
Keep going.
Wave if you're a nerd.
Oh, he's waving.
Is it going to be dark when
we go back on this path?
Yeah.
- How are we going to see?
- Oh, we'll figure that out later.
That's going to be unfortunate
if somebody falls.
- Are you good?
- You good?
I'm alive.
See that right over there?
Boys, come on.
Come on over here.
Welcome to the ruins.
This is actually sick.
Dude, why is there just a yellow box?
Yeah, what is this thing?
I'm glad you asked.
I paid some guys with Western Union
$10,000 to move this box up here.
Really?
Nolan, there's a crowbar in your backpack.
- What do you think's in here?
- Pizza?
You knew that
we were going to run out of water,
so you put extra water in this box.
And while we're opening this.
There's never been a better time
to download
or sign up for Western Union.
Your first transaction is free.
Just go to westernunion.com/mrbeast.
I know I could have filled this crate
with extra water and food,
but instead I brought something
even better.
Mack, does this moment
remind you of something?
Hold this picture of you losing 800 grand.
Now here's a picture of you
losing 700 grand.
Bro, why?
- Why go through all…
- You'll see it, one second, don't worry.
Now, I didn't do this to make
fun of Mack for losing $1.5 million.
Really? Because that's exactly
what it feels like you're doing.
I did this to say,
that we're going to give you
another chance in one final video.
- No shot.
- But this is your final shot.
You're going to give me a third shot.
- Your final shot.
- I got another shot.
If you look at the last video we did,
every single comment was
bring back Mack, bring back Mack.
I hope you win.
- That's another shot.
- More important than your shot.
There's some ruins over here.
Look at them.
Third shot baby. I'm not going
to let you guys down again.
This building is almost
a century old.
Imagine building this 100 years ago
just for a bunch of YouTubers
to explore it.
This is wicked.
Why is there a cactus up there?
Does the cactus just crawl up there?
or does someone put the cactus up there?
The cactus does not crawl up there, Jimmy.
It doesn't have legs.
Oh, my God.
Let's check out
on the other side of the crate.
- There's some more ruins over there.
- This is crazy.
Look how the tree is like wrap
around the freaking rocks.
Would the gang say
this was worth the effort?
Because I got a third chance,
yes I would.
All right, well he's biased.
Would you two say it was worth it?
- No.
- There was no pizza in the box, so no.
By this time day five sun
was setting on the island.
And on our way back to camp,
we stopped
at the peak of the mountain
to take it all in.
There's no one.
I'd rather scaled the side
of a random mountain with than you guys.
Thank you.
Maybe Dwayne, the Rock, Johnson.
That's fair.
But outside of that,
nobody.
Boys, I'm going to be honest,
- I'm going to remember this forever.
- Me too.
I think this view made the journey
worth it.
Camp's cleaned up.
It's been reinforced from the rain,
coconut water, meals ready to go.
Got a lot more water.
It's getting really dark.
I mean, you can't even see
into the woods right now.
I don't know how they're going to make it
back from the top of that mountain
to all these woods in the dark.
This is way sketchier at night
Cactus.
- You good?
- Just a thorn on my side.
But little did we know
running into a cactus
in the middle of the night
was actually
the least of our worries.
We ended up hitting a dead end,
which is a little intimidating
in the middle of a forest.
Which direction is it?
Is it this way or
that way?
Wait, I can see three different things.
Dude, there's this right here
And then there's this one right here.
This is a path too.
Are you sure?
- Or is that it?
- It's definitely not to... Follow me.
Guys, I will pick a random direction.
Wait. No, no.
I think it is to the left.
- Oh, it is?
- No, it's right over here.
Oh, it's raining.
And we must have been extra
lucky that night
because on top of being lost,
it started raining.
Are you sure this is the right one?
Jimmy, it's this way.
- Which way are we...?
- I told you we should go left.
- Wait, Chandler!
- Follow me!
Chandler, how sure are you?
- I'm 10% sure it's this way.
- So wouldn't 90% be better?
Are you 90%?
Can we choose?
It's pouring on the side
of a mountain.
Go.
It's raining.
Okay.
Why do we choose it then unchoose?
Oh, boys, this is bad.
It is getting slick.
I really don't think we came up
something this steep.
I almost face planted.
And if we couldn't be any more
unlucky on top of it raining
while we're lost,
We've even got a third thing
to worry about.
Above you
is the most dangerous tree on earth.
If it rains, it will seep poison
that will burn your skin.
Watch out for the death apple sap
because it just rained.
- What are we supposed to do?
- Not let the poison drip on you?
Oh, that is 10,000%
of death apple tree boys
That means we're close.
And regardless of
if we took the right path or not,
we could tell
we were getting close to camp.
- That's sand.
- That's some sand.
- Thank God.
- We made it?
Camp is right there.
We have a rare opportunity to scare
Shawn.
Are we going to take advantage
of that?
- Yes.
- Of course.
Okay.
Oh, God.
Oh, my God. You scared me.
- We made it.
- Yeah, we're back.
I made you guys
dinner and coconut water.
Oh, I appreciate it.
Cheers, boys.
Wow, it tastes like a coconut.
After the hike,
we ate, we showers,
and when we dried off,
we took a second
to look up at the stars.
Because when you're
in the middle of the ocean,
it really feels like
you're on another planet.
But unexpectedly, around the corner
was something we've been fearing
this entire challenge.
You feel that?
Guys, bad news.
There's a ton of water
on the top of our shelter.
I just don't know if that's going
to be safe for us to be under it.
Despite our efforts from earlier
to make the shelter better,
water was beginning to pool up
on our roof from the storm.
All this water on top of us,
is there a world that
could bring our structure down?
And even though all we wanted at
this point was a night of sleep,
we had to get up and deal with it.
Oh, my God, we're absolutely screwed.
I'm just getting destroyed
and pummeled by rain all night.
And after 2 hours of rain,
a damage shelter and soaking wet beds
there is no chance any of us
we're going to sleep that night.
Raining on you at night,
the worst experience
you can have on these challenges.
I'm so tired.
Hopefully it just passes over.
And even though this was an all time low,
our only option was to wait this thing out.
I'm not going to lie.
The rain
last night was pretty brutal.
I don't know that I've ever been
that cold
ever.
What do you want
to do today, Nolan?
I don't know.
Absolutely nothing.
I just can't wait to get out of here.
This place sucks a lot.
I'm not going to lie.
I'm sick and I'm tired,
and I want to go
home.
at this point, the island was
making us miserable.
This is quickly turning
into a little bit of a nightmare.
And after six days
of physical struggle,
our mental health
was beginning to suffer as well.
There's only so much bagged food
you can drink and
hours you can lay in the sun
before
you start to just feel terrible.
And I'm starting to feel terrible.
I have a headache.
I am very tired.
It was clear
that we were going
to have to take drastic measures
if we were going to complete
this challenge.
Looking for a peach cobbler.
Wanna look for a peach cobbler?
Oh, I found one.
So, in an effort to turn things around,
we treated ourselves
to canned cobbler for breakfast.
Pretty good.
How about it?
For a can
And with the help of this unorthodox
breakfast.
Chandler happy.
We were beginning to return back
to normal.
Nolan.
Dude, you hit straight into the tree.
And it became clear how exactly
we were going to survive day six.
By having fun with each other.
And I began to realize...
even though we've all done
a lot of suffering.
Why'd we pick the heaviest seat
in existence?
This whole trip has been filled
with a lot of fun.
Cheers boys.
And adventure.
We did it.
Moments like these are hard to find.
And when I look back
on this challenge,
we probably won't remember
the bad times
as much as we will the good.
It's kind of cool.
And with day six of our challenge
finally coming to an end.
We're celebrating our final
night with a massive fire
but it's kind of burning us all.
- Yeah, I'm getting back.
- It's a little too big.
When we wake up tomorrow,
the challenge will be over.
And as the sun rose on day
seven.
Go, get me out of here.
We broke down camp
and cleaned up with one thing in mind.
Leaving this place
and never coming back.
And before we leave,
I just want to take the time to say
thank you all for watching.
All of you are the only reason videos
like this exist,
and I really hope you all enjoyed it.